I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry,
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry,
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry,
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry,
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry,
I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry sorry, sorry sorry, sorry sorry, sorry sorry, sorry sorry, sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry sorry
you seem to make people
I doubt it
I thought I was so suspicious
I saw you look like this now
How worried I am
Sister, if you don’t buckle half the car, you’ll feel tired if you don’t buckle it.
I won’t say anything anymore
Grandma and the others see you like this everywhere
I don’t dare to say that I mean it
Sister Su Jia can do it even after two years.
The real pressure on me is even greater
Half a sister is passing on
Except for your temper, your behavior will remain the same.
I'll have to find a fool to choose again.
I'm an ordinary girl too
I clean others
able to hint
No not in the sun
Someone is waiting for you and me because of their wind
Only one person can experience it because of me
I don't want you to die, you think about it again
And it's good for me to meet